I told you that I want to go to that
festival in Sweden no when you said it
would be cool to go yeah and then I got
the opportunity and I decided to do it
you going I just wish he would have told
me that's all
dude she needs a therapist you've been
wanting out of this stupid relationship
for like a year now and don't forget
about all of the beautiful Swedish women
you'll need in June okay guys that's not
her again seriously babe what's
happening then
I was so very sorry to hear about what
happened I was really I invited Danny to
come to Sweden
you know what she's been going Christian
says you've got this special week
planned it's sort of a crazy festival
special ceremonies and dressing up
sounds fun
[Music]
unbelievable welcome and happy midsummer
school what time is it
I'm here that can't be right the skies
blue this is what 9 p.m. is like here
how long have you two been together just
over three and a half years four years
really yeah what do you think it's like
another world tomorrow's a big day is it
scary what is it it has special
properties what am I going through
we just need to acclimate I don't want
to acclimate I want to go absolutely not
what is happening
that's why you look so guilty right now
because you know
we only do this every 90 years
I was most excited for you to come
you